Before we continue down the path of integrating the search functionality, I wanted to give us a quick
lay of the land of where we're at right now because we've made a lot of decisions and we've written
a lot of code.
But that code creates a specific infrastructure.
And so over here, we have our phone right.
And we're targeting our phone for Android and iOS.
And over here is what we would consider our code base.
This is our code that we're writing and we've structured it in a certain way.
So we have our navigation.
So our phone comes in, sends a request and the navigation kicks in.
And the navigation has certain features, whether it be restaurants right now or later on search and
map and the features use styled system.
In order to make up the components and style them for the phone now, when we talk about how we're retrieving
data so far, we've really supercharged our development specifically in that area.
And that is because the way that the services work is very, very tailored to how the features interact
with it.
So I wanted to explain the flow here.
So when our feature kicks in, right, whether it be restaurants or whatnot, that feature has a context.
So we created a restaurant context.
And so features like the restaurant feature in this case gets the information from the restaurant context,
and that's the array of values that contain the restaurant information.
But it also enables the context to do something special.
Right.
The feature is very stupid at this point.
It doesn't have anything, doesn't know anything.
All it knows is that, hey, I have this restaurant context.
So the context is kind of our glue right now between the feature and the outside world.
And so we structured this thing called Services and services came with a request and a transform.
And the request is the request that we're doing to the outside world to get information, whether it
be from Google or elsewhere.
It could be any given API, could be the Weather Channel, could be anything at all.
So our services serve the function of getting that information.
OK, so knowing that we over here are riak context comes into play.
Our feature is all it knows is at some point I'm going to get restaurants right.
I'm going to get this array of information and our context is smart.
It says, hey, well, I'm the restaurant context.
So in a context is nothing more than a component, right?
We wrap it at a certain layer.
It kind of acts like a component, but it's a bit smarter because it can share its state along the application.
So the context is smart.
And when mounts, it says, hey.
I'm the restaurant's context and I have this use effect, I have this this life cycle hook that's going
to tell me, Hey.
I have a location and this location is coming in externally, right, the feature is feeding the location
into the context.
For instance, it doesn't really matter for this particular use case.
We hardcoded the location inside of the context.
It doesn't matter where it comes from, but the context itself is smart.
It says, hey, I got a location.
And so I've just mounted for instance, I've just mounted myself or something is updated.
And based on that information that's coming into the context, it can make decisions.
And so the decision we had to make is we had it call a service the restaurants service.
Now, this service is, of course, a mock service.
So we're we're getting back information that's actually already in our code base.
But we built our services in a way that they actually act like they're on the Internet.
Right.
They have a time out.
They're wrapped in a promise, which is something that has to come back to us.
It's not immediately available.
So the services act as if they are real API calls.
And we structured the service in such a way that later in the course, when we do decide that we want
to integrate with an external source, that we can just swap out at the service, layer the request
and then the transform in the context should just take over.
So all we need to do is formulate a request to an external service and the rest of our infrastructure
will just take over as we set it up and feed the feature with the information it requires.
This is kind of the baseline architecture that we have right now.
And so now that we know where we are, we can continue down the path of building out the search infrastructure.